and then how soft is everything
tranquil port well will also vote
thinking that day it was there under the
end that business back to the
brain that he only stays until he lives like this
laziness happened there began to
vote but knows how to pilot what the
The bus that I was there seems to be
accumulated with the other to wear a
talk my honey from no one happened to
talking in the middle does not pass the
bus nobody under any suit
dust finish
everybody is going to catch the same bus there
happens so that we can reach the
get desperate for it to turn
the war had been people wanting to push the
another to get on the bus here I want
I want to go in and get in
finally is on the bus in sweaty foot
surf dida that already happens to a furor
from above to drop such a deal make bad
busan hitter still that thing
Bad everyone pushing steps on your
walk if you want to buy this
here every type of ramp in the foot looks like this
can the conductor talk about something
What happens when he collects it?
there sleeping there will pass in the hole he
wake up happens
the staff is very tight end
made everyone who will dalposso Dad
qué loves you taking this shit goin
chairs that do not go beyond the
people here defending even one step from
country can only be joking right
ademir so far to accuse the past
recent and patriot will take
driver and collector or for the love of
God goes then that person there
grows the quiet offer so it is
they can not breathe
the person who the armpit in your house like that
still arriving a little person treat there
on the other side and the door where you are
because I do not know why you stand in the door
whenever you want to see if any of
You're going to look for the door, not always.
There is the person who stands out and you are
related to the piece
oh my point she pushed the vision
hell to her near the bp already come from
burn when it was so get up before
he took to teaching this i
move to the door there
now I want to reach the whole long
twelve first pushes push pushes
push pushes push pushes in the soul
God knows when that happens.
the person speaking in the background vision of hell
so a year in the last person if she has
to come running to the door but there
rest is the rest include direct pass on
your non-parent point you will learn from being
only a fifth of the hell to go back to
Maybe next time, I will not stay
side of the recipe door and will want to
person talks that to sit in places
He also said that the
learn something else talk now
also the driver or engines firing
up taking a stand will speak
no more near there and passed lipstick
the driver was more cursed and is
pass the bump in the hole in the street
seems to have no sense of emotion over
still connected has yummy unmik on
video of the one that in the video of
Shared did not do on twitter on
instagram I do not know where to share it
my help and subscribe to the channel and
bye